Manual proxy installation changes (#5377)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/admin-manual/installing/07-configure-proxies.mdx

To set up a proxy, you will need to first prepare the cluster and sub-group the proxies will be working with by:

* Logging in and setting the `enable_raft` and `enable_proxy_routing` node group options to `true` for the sub-group. Use [`bdr.alter_node_group_option`](/pgd/latest/reference/nodes-management-interfaces#bdralter_node_group_option), passing the sub-group name, option name and new value as parameters.

> * Create as many uniquely named proxies as you plan to deploy using [`bdr.create_proxy`](/pgd/latest/reference/routing#bdrcreate_proxy) and passing the new proxy name and the sub-group it should be attached to. The `bdr.create_proxy` sets default values for different proxy options like listen_port which defaults to 6432.

Reviewer: Not sure how this addition helps the reader. 

```suggestion
* Create as many uniquely named proxies as you plan to deploy using [`bdr.create_proxy`](/pgd/latest/reference/routing#bdrcreate_proxy) and passing the new proxy name and the sub-group it should be attached to. The `bdr.create_proxy` does not create a proxy, but creates a space for a proxy to register itself with the cluster. The space contains configuration values which can be modified later. Initially it is configured with default proxy options such as setting the listen_port to 6432.
```

Author: > but creates a space for a proxy to register itself with the cluster

Not sure I get this. It is same as create node or create group (which creates nothing but group or node configs). It creates default configuration. But may be you meant same. Committing it.

> * Create as many uniquely named proxies as you plan to deploy using [`bdr.create_proxy`](/pgd/latest/reference/routing#bdrcreate_proxy) and passing the new proxy name and the sub-group it should be attached to. The `bdr.create_proxy` sets default values for different proxy options like listen_port which defaults to 6432.

Reviewer 2: The default value of 6432 will not be true after release of read scalability so should we add it?

Author: This is v5.4 guide. There will lots of changes I guess after read scalability. We can modify at that time or just mention something else like listen_address (0.0.0.0)

Reviewer: What will the new default value be? And why is an existing default changing with the addition of read scalability?

Author: Changing it to`listen_address to `0.0.0.0``

Author: `listen_port` could be nullable after read scalability feature. listen_port will decide whether proxy is in default, read-only or any mode. We had added separate proxy mode to indicate that but after RFC discussion it was suggested to use this option for deciding proxy which mode proxy is configured in.

GRANT bdr_superuser TO pgdproxy;
```

> Set node level route_dsn option for each node with database user pgdproxy. The proxy uses these dsn while connecting to database nodes. Please note the initial dsn (on proxy start) is taken from proxy config file (see below). So, ideally, route_dsn given in this section and in config file should match.

Reviewer: General point: Do not use relative directions like (see below) in a sequential tutorial or example.

Author: I'm not sure I get it but removing `(see below)`. Quick search suggest 12 places where `(see below)` is mentioned in docs repo.

Reviewer: Yes, and our style guide says don't do it, and there's a lot of pre-style guide content in the PGD docs which is yet to be tidied up.

> Set node level route_dsn option for each node with database user pgdproxy. The proxy uses these dsn while connecting to database nodes. Please note the initial dsn (on proxy start) is taken from proxy config file (see below). So, ideally, route_dsn given in this section and in config file should match.

Reviewer: This is a new tangible step and needs to be called out as such or it needs to be folded into the creation of the proxies.

It also needs to be replicated in the steps at the top of this page which serve as the general reference to the process. This is currently only in the worked example.

Author: Yes, but added it in same section, so, it is clear it is required only if someone is creating separate user for proxy i.e. step mentioned in section `## Create a pgdproxy user on the database`. So, kept them together. But yes please change it as you find suitable. My only intention was to add the step which is required if someone decides to go with separate user (i.e. altering route_dsn part).

The name of the PGD cluster's top-level group (as `name`).
An array of endpoints of databases (as `endpoints`).
The proxy definition object with a name (as `proxy`).

> The endpoints given in config file are used by proxy only at startup. Once started, the actual list is taken from route_dsn option (see above section).

Reviewer: Again: do not use relative pointers like (see above section).

Also:
```suggestion
The endpoints given in the config file are only used by the proxy at startup. Once started, the list is taken from the previously configured `route_dsn` setting for the group.
```

For EDB Postgres Extended and Community PostgreSQL, this can be omitted.

The third property, `proxy`, has a `name` property.
The `name` property should be a name created with `bdr.create_proxy` earlier, and it will be different on each host.
A proxy cannot be on the same port as the Postgres server and, ideally, should be on a commonly used port different from direct connections, even when no Postgres server is running on the host.
We typically use port 6432 for PGD proxies.

```
  proxy:
    name: pgd-proxy-one
```

> In this case, by using 'localhost' in the endpoint, we specify that this proxy will listen on the host where the proxy is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Delete this as it refers to the endpoint specification.
